https://codepen.io/ngwatso/pen/eYZeodW

1. What is Semantic HTML? An element that tells you what it is i.e. section, nav, p, etc
    2. What is HTML used for? building the base webpage.  Putting in text, sectioning off the page, labeling what everything is so that you can easily format the page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? attributes go in the tag, they add attributes to whatever is contained in the tag (href will take you to the specified web address)
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 should only be used once, for the main heading on the page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes a, img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? data about the page, such as the title, that will not be displayed in the page
    7. What is an id? tag that allows specialized changes to one specific element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? id can be used on any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? tag that allows specialized changes to multiple elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? class can be used on any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many times as needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? put target=_blank in the tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? gives alternate information on an image in case it cannot be viewed
    15. How do I reference an id? #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? section is semantic, so would be a better choice to use
    17. What is CSS used for? improving the look of your page, css adds fonts, colors, styles, etc, to each element
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page - h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. id will only affect one element, such as one paragraph of text.  class will affect multiple elements, such as multiple sections.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? selects all elements that are within a parent element.  This would be useful if you wanted to change all list items within one specific list
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar > li
    24. What is a pseudo selector? makes changes based on specific criteria, such as hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 
        div {
        border-style: dotted;
        border-color: black;
        border-width: 1px;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? highlight your comment and use cntrl /
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm - it cannot be undone 
    34. Why should I use version control? in case of mistakes, you are able to go back to an earlier version
    35. How often should I commit to github? anytime you make a change to the code, the more times you commit, the more versions you have to go back to
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push origin branch name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork the repo
    add TL as collaborator
    clone repo (click drop down and copy url)
    go into terminal, type: git clone *link*
    type: cd *name of repo*
    create branch: git checkout -b firstname-lastname
    use git status regularly to check that all changes have been pushed
    use git add . to commit changes
    use git commit -m "comment" to add comments of changes - BE CLEAR
    use git push origin branch name to push changes up
    go to github, click Compare & Pull Request button
    choose your forked repo as base repo
    add TL as reviewer
    click Pull Request button
    DO NOT CLICK MERGE PULL REQUEST BUTTON


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 